Update Microsoft Graph extensibility docs (#17209)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/extensionproperty.md

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Represents a directory extension that can be used to add a custom property to directory objects without requiring an external data store. For example, if an organization has a line of business (LOB) application that requires a Skype ID for each user in the directory, Microsoft Graph can be used to register a new property named **skypeId** on the directory’s User object, and then write a value to the new property for a specific user.

Directory extensions can be added to following directory objects:
+ [user](user.md)
+ [group](group.md)
+ [organization](organization.md)
+ [device](device.md)

> + [application](application.md) resources

Reviewer: In the overview, servicePrincipal is in the list of supported types, but not here.  I don't think servicePrincipal is supported, but happy to be proved wrong

Author: SP isn't supported - corrected the Overview doc

Only 100 extension values, across *all* types and *all* applications, can be written to any single Azure AD resource.

Use this resource and associated methods to manage the directory extension definitions. To manage the directory extension data on the extended resource instance, use the same REST request that you use to manage the resource instance.

For more information about Microsoft Graph extensibility, see [Add custom properties to resources using extensions](/graph/extensibility-overview).

Inherits from [directoryObject](directoryobject.md).

> [!NOTE]

> > Extensions created through Azure AD Graph (deprecated) and custom data sync from on-premises Active Directory using Azure AD Connect Sync are synced as directory extensions in Microsoft Graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Extensions created through Azure AD Graph (deprecated) and custom data synchronized from on-premises Active Directory using Azure AD Connect Sync are represented as directory extensions in Microsoft Graph.
```
